You have decided to head to the city of Helemith… for atonement.

A) You come across what looks to be a bandit's camp. You see a few people sitting by a fire.

Attack them
Sneak past them
Turn around

1)  Walking up to the bandit’s camp you find a stick on the ground. You use that to cave in the first bandit head. Doing this you break the stick forcing you to pull out your sword using it to run through the first one and cut open the second one’s stomach. You get enjoyment from watching the life leave his eyes as his organs fall out of his stomach on the ground in front of you. Next, you check the tents. You see women and children sleeping. You make sure to take their heads as trophies. there were no bandits. This is when you have a revelation that you can’t be forgiven and head deep into the woods so that no one can find you. 
 END

3) You turn back and go home ending your quest. 
End

2) When trying to sneak past them you broke a twig alerting the bandits to your presents. There were no survivors just the blood mess you left of the bodies of the families. There were no bandits.
	There was one that you didn’t kill in cold blood a boy that was hidden by his mother corps. He was under her and not able to move her for three days before someone found him. He still hunts for you. He is going to kill you if it is the last thing he does. 

The cycle continues

B) You continue your travels trying to put the faces of the people you killed in cold blood out of your head. They were going to attack you. Keep telling yourself that.
After traveling for a bit you come across a river.

Just wade through it 
See if there is another path
…

1) You try and wade through the river but it becomes too deep so you have to try and swim. You forgot that you have heavy plate on. Not wanting to turn around you continue on swimming. You only make it about halfway before you drown. 

2) You walk along the water's edge for a bit until you find a tree that has fallen over letting you cross the river safely. Or so you think the tree snaps under your weight when you try to cross over. You drown in the river weighed down by your armor.
END

c) “That was a family you” hear a voice yelling behind you. You turn to see where the voice is coming from, there is nothing just the path that you have been walking down for the last couple of days. You start running along the water's edge for a bit until you find a tree that has fallen. You use the tree to leap over the river. You think you are being followed, but you're not sure. The voice sounded familiar, you shook the thought from your mind.  

D) After a bit of running, you are becoming tired.
Keep running 
Take a break

1) You run until your legs collapse under you. You can’t fight back when the people in the family that you didn’t murder find you. They do unspeakable things to you and… your dead body.
END

E) After your legs start to tire you decide to take a break from running and set up camp for the night. You're sure that nothing is following you. You make something to eat and turn in for the night. You start dreaming, your dream is more vivid this night than any other dream you've had. You see a farm and a field in the middle of the field there is a woman and flowers all around her gently flowing the the breeze. You can’t see her you can only see the white dress that she is wearing. You don’t need to see her face to know that the person is she is your wife.

Go to her 
Try to wake up

2) You know this is fake what you had is gone, never coming back. You take out your sword and drive it through your stomach. You don’t wake up again.
END

 F) You have the feeling you can start over and be a family again. You run to her but with every step you take things change and get worse in ways that you can't describe. You don’t care you want nothing more than to hold her in your arms even if it is just a dream. You can just dream forever.  You make it to her. You see that her skin is a pal white. You go to put your arms around her. As you touch her she blows away and everything around you blows away. You drop to your knees. Suddenly your eyes shoot open you hear a noise.

Hide 
See what the noise is

1)You hid letting whatever was making the noise get close to you hoping whatever it is won't find you. You hear the voice again saying 
“You will never be forgiven GOD CAN'T LOVE YOU ANYMORE”
As the noise gets closer to where you're hiding the voice becomes unbearable. You just want the voice to stop. You know what the voice wants you to do. You jump out of your hiding spot and you see a family of 6 who don’t seem to have any weapons on them. You don't care you kill all of them. After a while, a hunting party was sent out to find whoever was killing and eating people in the forest. They eventually find you and you’re publicly hung for your crimes.
END

G) You start walking toward the noise. It seems to be a traveling family of 6 a father, a mother, and 4 kids. They don't seem to be armed and look very poor. The father speaks up after seeing you. He asks you where you are heading. You explain to them that you are heading to the city for… attunement. They seem worried about your answer, so they don’t ask you any more questions except if you would like to join them.

Join
Don’t Join

1) You decide to join them. A couple of days go by you start hearing the voice again
“The little ones…the LITTLE ONES… THE LITTLE ONES” They keep going on and on. You wait for the cover of darkness. The little ones have the softest flesh.

H) You decide not to join them. They would slow you down anyway. You wish them luck in their travels and you go on your way. After another day or so of travel, you hear the voices turn into voices. They started off slow and quiet slowly becoming faster and louder until they were unbearable. You know what to do. The family you left behind finds your lifeless body swaging in the wind. 



